Detected language: English
Transcript:
 kind of. Right. Okay, so let me let me share with you what I was experiencing. Sure. Yeah. And then I'm going to share something. I think I was just looking. It's been crazy. So really having had much time by yesterday. I did look at this a little bit. Sure. And so this was the query. So this is okay. Let me pull up the because I have it in here. Yeah. So I was in this the custom GPT, right? Yeah. So I asked a very simple questions question. Can you give me 10 invoices for profile 11 22, which I actually had an actual ticket with a question. So I was like, let me ask. Sure. Yeah, right. Perfect scenario. So it gave me this information. If I share this, this will you be able to see this? No, because well, you have to change your settings. I think, well, we can talk about it. Yeah. So anyway, you can see the things. Yeah, I can say it. Yeah. So I mean, this is a simple query. Yeah, absolutely. So it came back. It brought all this information, the tables that it's checking. And then I got this. I was like, okay, this is good. It is it does reference invoices, which I already discussed. So I took this query. I was like, okay, let me run this query. I believe it's this one. Anyway, I can, let me do it again. Yeah, just do it again. I just can't. Okay, here. So let's just do it again here because either nice, but it's spiraling into like, I is this not working, blah, blah, blah, whatever. Anyway, so I have to change this. Okay, let me just show you the message I get when when we have invoices, right? So I get it cannot connect. It tells me invoices doesn't exist. Yeah, we know that. Yeah. Yeah. So I changed that to invoice. Mm hmm. Say nice is invoice profile ID, right? Where? Yeah. In the where clause. So invoice profile ID. So this profile ID is coming from this procurement order invoice. Yeah. Okay. So I have the tables that I did all all the tables that I did as such when I was creating the screenshot thing. Yeah. That we need to whatever. So what was that table profile order invoice. So if I look at for profile. I'm looking at the description too. Yeah. In voice. Let me see. Can I find this here? If I let me see profile order. I don't know why this such is not working. What did I let me see. It's pro isn't it. Are you looking for the table or yeah, the table. A table procurement order invoice. Is it? Yeah. Yes. Sorry. Yeah. So okay. Yeah. And procurement. Yep. Okay. So if I just select this procurement table. Yep. Very limited to 100. So we don't have profile ID. Right. So I'm trying to figure out like the reason why. Yeah. I did. I did a little more investigation here. It's it's the spreadsheet. If you look at this spreadsheet, there is a profile ID. Yes. I yeah. I that was my other thing. Right. So immediately I went to this and it's over here. Yeah. Right. I looked profile ID profile ID supply account. There's also procurement. If you look at procurement. Let me look at the procurement. Procurement. In voice. In procurement. See right there. There's proof. 66. 66. You say. It says profile. So this is actually wrong. What's so. Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead. I know. I know this was from product. Okay. Yeah. I don't know who created this thing. But who knows. Right. We're not we're not even gonna get into that. It doesn't matter. It's helpful. Yeah. But I have the I think maybe we could use the document I sent you with the screenshots and the the screenshots of the tables. The screenshots are going to be it's going to take a little bit longer because you got to you can do it. It's a different process because we have to scrape everything off the screenshots. My suggestion Carol. But we can do it but it's going to take longer because what happens is how to get you got to scrape every screenshot and what track DFT has to take the screen size break it into text. Right. And you still got to check it. Even though you got to have ensure that the scraping is going to get what you want. So you have two choices here. You can do that or you can update the spreadsheet. I mean you have a choice here that updating this spreadsheet. Yeah. Is kind of a hot mess because number one. I don't know all the relations of this thing. This was like. Yeah. I mean like yes I could I could go here and change this to a route ID or whatever but then I'd have like it's a lot. It's a lot of work because number one. I'm also not familiar hence why we are doing this is I'm not familiar with every single table and the relationship of it. Right. So this was like this is why product I guess somebody did this. Yeah. And it was it's helpful but it's not it's it's helpful to some extent. Yeah. It is helpful when I'm saying it's not but. So let me I totally get it Carol. So the thing is there's things in this table that was used for the some of the information like what this table has or your screenshot doesn't have is some metadata about the columns in the tables. Right. I think right. It's got some more commentary. It's got some soft linkages as well. It has that so we can get rid of it but it's going to it could affect I don't know it could affect the performance of this the sequel well which is okay. I'm just letting you know this. So it goes back to Carol the more Carol the more whatever we decided to do Carol the most important thing is whatever you give chat to PT. It's it's up to you whoever owns it has to check the sources. Right. To make sure that data is right because whatever you put in JET to PT is just going to try to spit out what it what it sees. Right. I think that's the ultimately why I had to figure out. Okay. So here's here's my thought. Okay. Because before I got this from product I had given you like and I'm going to try to figure out which one there was this table column list which I generated from the from the database. Okay. Yeah. I remember this. Yeah. There was this one. And then I think you had me like let's not say that. I believe I believe we also had you send me like this artifact or something to have the descriptions. I reverse this reverse engineer. Yeah. We had the table fixed description and I can let me open this. Yeah. How we did that reverse engineer what you you gave me some initial formation kind of reverse engineered from chat. Yeah. Chatcha PT generated this based on your information. Yeah. Okay. So we we had this which had some some level of accuracy on the tables. Yeah. On the tables. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think we looked at one that was like you know somewhat the description was somewhat. Yeah. I remember. Yeah. Yeah. It was like I think it was the order one. Yeah. Records but we can like I went over this with with Thomas. Yeah. In one of our one on ones. Yeah. And I was like I've looked at this table. Is there like also look. Tell me if you see we kind of glanced and you know try to see which ones make sense which ones don't make sense. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So we could use this table and also. Yeah. The table fixed. I'm just gonna open this to I don't know. Okay. So there's this one. Yeah. I don't remember which is what you anymore but yeah. Yeah. There was this. This one had this one had columns. Maybe I don't know. Yeah. This one had like the columns. The columns and the tables and columns. Yeah. The tables and columns and then this one I believe we try to do the same thing but with the description. Sure. Right. Yeah. So in my mind I'm thinking if we use these three including the product one. Do you think we could like they could be it would it create more of a mess or would charge you think okay there's some error here and maybe help us catch which ones have the errors on that on that product one because that product one is human error is not really. So because this one's come directly this this was directly from the database. Well sort of I mean it was from your your sort of documents. Which I got from the original data of these. So so Kara Kara here's the the ultimate answer is we don't know till we try it. Right. I mean that's the ultimate answer. Yeah. But because the thing it's why it's going to take a little bit of testing right to get to the accuracy you're looking for right whatever that is. I just it's going to harm you to know that I just I just yeah okay okay let me let me just the process is the same remember I talked about the process would you have to you and trade centric and I can help but you and trace I can't I can't help this process because I don't know the data whoever knows the data the best has to make sure the sources whatever you put in jack to generate those 20 files is a file whatever you did check to be tea that's got to be accurate as possible because it's the check if he's using that data to create the 20 files for your custom gbt. I can't I mean you you someone has to say it's good but I don't know right right and I get that and I under and I can say things are good or not good or whatever as you can see I can I'm finding yeah it's not like there's some other and it's an iterative like that you're right anytime you do this especially when you do an important part and when it did it's kind of like not perfect it's a little bit iterative that's why you have to do it a few times it's not like one time you're done right the source data is not right you get you're going to iterate on the source data and then it's going to get better as you get you're right yeah right and I I get all that I mean I'm not expecting it to be a hundred percent yeah exactly yeah but what I'm saying is if we put these three documents even I think it will catch some of the things maybe to clarify or something but Carol I know you're ahead of here but you have to tell her which is right okay it's not it doesn't know what's right it's just looking at things right you look for discrepancies but you have to tell it okay so you have two choices here or two approaches let me say Carol one you can give it the if but this is a separate chat to be you can do it right now you can give it those three files right you say you have two two ways you can say hey these two files are right check the third file and identify the errors based on those yes that would work that's one approach the other approach is here's three files show me where it doesn't like where the where the conflicts are and it's going to give you a list and then you have to then you can work through oh yes that would let's do it right now not let's do it right now because because I'm I'm feeling a little stressed right now yeah only because I I can't I can't speak for the product I'm with it I'm with it right and then there's no other documentation anywhere let's let's do it right now let's uh make you initially have these three files locally uh on your machine wherever they are uh I don't have some Google Drive or you have to download it or whatever oh yeah let me think here let me think here because I think just save it somewhere save it to like to a folder or something yeah I think you have two of them for sure yeah I don't know what the the other one is the other one was the two of them were from the cook uh the okay let me let me put them there you go these those two and I don't know where the the um the one from product is the one from product nope what did I call it did I give it a name I don't know um I mean I think it's called trade scientific data dictionary dictionary right I don't know where it is though where you where you have it in your local way maybe send custom GPT because that's newer the first one yeah no that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not that's not the past yeah yeah yeah um just just save it you have it up just save it yeah so let me let me create a let me just create a separate folder here sure yeah yeah that's what you can say this is for tables or something right yeah um just that way we just pick them from yeah you should you should uh you're doing the right thing here you should organize it the way um you know it just fits your mental model so yeah um okay let me see file I'm just gonna do file save because it might be the quickest way yes yeah give us sure this one goes to the notes go put them in the yeah um okay um you put it in um you can put it in table see it's right below data dictionary you just move it oh okay oh I didn't put it inside the table yeah it's okay and it's open it's open right now so you can't yeah I'll I'll move it after after I save the let me save the other ones because I just want to save them while I have them on the screen yeah make sense yeah uh file save us and then the last one okay so these two are in here yeah and let's put the equals the um equals there you go just drop it in okay so we are both okay so when are you when are you gonna charge it be today okay now do a new chat but not in that do a brand new chat on the left hand side yep top yep and add those three files it's add photos and files and where we put it so do we uh when we do the so when we do it okay in my last card after the new chat seems to be throwing me off yeah so but then I put it in this thing it's not in this thing well okay just what um they're not all they're related but not directly related meaning this the tc delivery is the output of what you put in so it has some of that wrong information right what we're doing is investigation to create the input for to create a new version of that because that version is wrong okay right because we we took all the sources remember the v1 sources which has the product table is looking at that and taking the table names right and whatever columns is using that to create artifacts that we're using in the custom gpt which is the tc delivery blah blah blah okay so that hat that that that one is it's using all that information we gave it and we know that's not right okay what we're doing here is investigation to figure out the right what do what do we want to put in for the new one the new version does that make sense yeah so the the v2 I feel like the v2 was working well it had the same problem but it had the same problem yes because it because we use we're always using the product table okay all right all right let's let's start this this this week's right when you do an investigation you you want to do it in a new chat because you're investigating outside because we know that one's wrong outside of that thing so here you want to type in I'm looking for discrepancies in table and column names between these three files can you list them can you list what the discrepancies are and what files you're finding these discrepancies something like that does that make sense it whatever wording works that that's what we're trying to do in columns and in tables and columns something like that we need to tell it like which tables are we don't we don't want to we want to see if we want to see if we can find more than that right that's okay which tables are the correct ones or not we don't know all you're looking for you know that chat that you p doesn't know that always looking for discrepancies you can see the discrepancies oh wait a minute maybe it's just one or two I don't know right yeah I mean it could be just the that profile it could be I don't know once you hit enter here so see what we get it's gonna take this is gonna take a little bit of time why okay this I saw a problem the UI like why we have this I don't yeah I can't I can't that's not me you want to scroll it's gonna take a while score down all the way yeah I'm just looking what's happening here so it's the table one yeah fixed and the data dictionary okay now it's thinking it's working give it give it the all right well it's doing this okay yeah let's talk about some other things okay sure shoot so um I okay so I guess I'm just because of your time limit it I kind of I'm getting stressed because I'm I'm trying to make sure that I can get as much information or at this thing working at least to some 80% level and I was very confident the last time that it was working until I hit this snag so now I'm like a little stress so yeah the question is do okay how can we get this like done like next by next week I think so but so Carol I am I mean look anything new you know there's always a level of stress the stress is kind of a good and bad thing but but but but I think this is why let me let me emphasize this again the bad this is something so what you what you kind of what you really need to what you really have to understand is how it works because what's going to make the output better getting it whatever percentage you feel good about is really how good the information you put in it so think of it like a machine the machine is there the problem right now well I think it's there right the problem right now is what we're putting in the machine is not right so what you get out of the machine is wrong so you the thing that you should be stressing about if the stress is how do I make sure the data is right that's what I'm stressing about but I that's something you guys control right the machine is the machine so I I what I that's what I'm trying to put the directions in well you should feel you should spend my time working how are the how does it work wait a minute if I do another version how does it work why do I have this version that way these are the questions you really work with me on you should work with Thomas or somebody else hey Thomas this isn't going to work unless the data is right I'm just making Thomas as example right so is it that so this one stress is like the making sure the data is right that's like you guys know this right well the data was right until I put the product well until I got that I'm just saying to trace centric data for whatever the data is right but you but you control that I don't control meaning like once you know so that's why it's important to know how the system works how oh the system works like this I have data I make sure to write I feed the machine and the thing to tell you you haven't done that is after it was out of the machine you have to look at all the artifacts all the artifacts look right then you're going to be feel like okay now when I ask a question for the custom GPT I feel confident that the answers are going to be as good as possible okay so so I get all that and I'm really trying to just sort of make sure we are well because of the time limit yeah I want to maximize so you can download that by the way but yeah download the Excel report see it says download here but no she does says download Excel report oh yeah sorry I didn't see you just click on it yeah open in another screen okay what I'm trying I guess and maybe I'm not vocalizing as well yeah I don't know what this is I don't know you have to go to every set what we call you go first and then we kind of work through this spreadsheet um I'm just gonna make sure I get I because I'll own this thing I'm trying just trying to make sure I first of all understand the entire process and then second that's really important yeah that's the data is accurate because my name writes on this thing and I need it to be not a hundred percent perfect because I know it's not gonna be a hundred percent but at least 85 percent I'm with you and this is why I think my suggestion is this um yeah this this probably didn't work that well this did not do anything so again this is why I think one of the things you have to learn one of the things to learn when you're working with chat to bt is that you got to like it's a process it's not like an answer it's not like a calculator so let me go back to what you're saying we could don't be closed this because it's not working so this is there there's uh and I'll put this in the documentation there's uh I think we talked about this I think it's three or four I'm gonna kind of do it in my mind these three or four things that you should feel like you should measure your confidence on okay like to make this as good as possible not perfect but as good as possible okay first thing is the data I'm going to use to put in chat to bt that's that number whatever it is I know you it's something that I'm gonna not you care but trace and trick understands that process right you here's the right data right and again it asks me as good as possible you just can't be wrong which right now one of the tables names is wrong right so so so one is the sources and then there's the process okay once I get the sources what's the process within the my documentation how do I get my sources and create the custom dpt artifacts right so that's that that's that doc like that's that you attach it that long uh instruction it creates the 20 files zip file that you get to download you're extracted out you need to like look at those artifacts to make sure that it's like what happens between the sources and then went through the machine it came out of the machine and it looks right and then you put that in the custom gpt as a new version or how you want to do versioning um and then then you verify right so the those like the big like the big box of sources put it through the machine like re-verify the output out of the machine the 25th and then test in the custom gpt that that those are like the big blocks to think about if you think of it that way then you can identify the weak spots right because it could be like the weak spot is the sources right now what we are noticing the sources of some irregularity with the sources that's kind of what we think right right and and I I'm getting that um what I need to do is so we have all this documentation we have the questions we have so these are accurate I literally come through each one of them individually so I think we I would like to make sure that we like just even for my own sanity because my my worry is which documents did we use which ones did we not use so that I can know but that's that's in the that's in the sources v1 right yeah so but I also need to look at the original document so the beta one yeah yeah this was the product one yeah and then this was the queries that I that had the question and there's a version two of this right yeah yeah so there's a version two instead of this one so so this is the kind of thing I okay here yeah this is a version two with the question yeah yeah I told you to remember I asked you to expand it you did that which is fine yes this document is a great they're really simple yeah so for accuracy sake these just for my own sanity so so far this one is wrong this one is good um test cases what was this oh this was the spreadsheet spreadsheet yeah okay with it yeah this is not gonna this this is not yeah not important it's not that it's not important it's not useful anymore and then here in okay so I'm wondering ways that okay I know you said it's gonna take a while to scrape uh not that it'll take a while you you still have to it can scrape it but you you have to do it it's a it's a little bit manual you have to like put all the the the documents in there and then you have to verify the table but that's what we did that so that the two other spreadsheets that's what we did right so we did that so what you my opinion is so you have the two spreadsheets the fix from the fix v2 whatever the other ones the ones that that is what have table names and table columns the one that's from the document you said a long time ago uh so it did all that but you still have to check it because I could chat to p's like looking at and you know try to you know try to read through screenshots you still have to verify that that's correct yeah and and but I want I think okay I don't know if we should use that screenshot but but my other question was also this did we use this wiki I mean was this document like relevant no this was like all the things which we did in the you broke it apart right yeah yeah um um what about this here documentation this was also another wiki or this is the one that had the yeah this thing so did we use this table I I believe we did this is how we got the initial tables the other two the two excel files you got um that you used to do this record this repency just just now or just a couple minutes ago that was from this document so oh the one that the table the two the two spreadsheets tables yeah that was extrapolated from this yeah yeah and then we did we use yeah this yeah okay so we so in my version this has been uploaded or should we upload this again it has been uploaded so just to verify this to go back there go to sources in v1 all right so it is in v1 this has everything you uploaded yeah um it's in trick it's there I don't know which one it is but it's somewhere there they're right there yeah right there copy it's it's the it's the it's the it says copy trace and a database dash diagram flow chart just go down copy trace centric data okay that one yeah this one okay and then there was the other diagram I don't know where that came from was it this one yeah that's one that's from confluence we talked about this the I don't know this document that's from confluent you can look it up in confluence yeah um because my fear is because I don't know this document and I don't know where it came from and I kind of feel like it could I don't know where this dot like I didn't verify this document that's okay and we talked about this Carol this is um you asked me all the right questions but it's you you who comments whoever have to decide what are the right I don't know right I mentioned that like I just put some stuff in there that I saw so can we remove this document well of course because you're gonna do another version because the current version you have has incorrect data you have to do another version anyway yeah I get to rebuild it yeah okay maybe we could just eliminate this document for now because I'm with you Carol I'm not 100 confident when this document came the most and also I would say the most important well one of the most important things and you maybe want to talk with you verify whoever uh confirm with look at the list and you have to pick what you want to put in whatever it's because whatever you put in you have to feel confident about you have to know it right I did put in this is the list I just gave you what I did last time yeah which yeah which is what we're doing now you know so in a way um and again I'm the only one who's going to have to verify this because Thomas is kind of like this is essentially my project right but he's he's the manager that I have no discuss with with this project but he also does know some stuff so you know if there's something that is throwing me off like in terms of data wise um like like when I needed the product document right that's when he comes in but I have to do this verification myself yeah so so and that's the that's why that's in some ways I wouldn't even look at the custom GPT yet would you should verify first these are the documents I am here's the I am I am confident as much as you can because again it's hard right as much as I can be I'm confident these are the 10 I'm making it on the mark these are the 10 documents that have enough information to put into to chat to be to create the custom GPT right because if there's anything wrong in the source documents it's going to come out the other end right and and yeah I get that so is this okay so this document it kind of looks like the other document so this is the one thing I'll I'll definitely verify this week if you are able if it's the same exact document as the the other one that as this one yeah then we're good the only the reason why I'm having slight issues is because I'm not aware of that document it's like I think you get what I mean I'm just like I totally where is this document I provide this document I think but my is character game I haven't worked with this with you a lot now I don't think these are the documents the problem the problem right now there's conflicts between your document and the product document that there's conflicts of what happens now we do because of the conflicts it's getting it doesn't know what to pick exactly right so that now it's getting confused so you're going to get wrong answers okay so I think um hypothetically if you drew it let's imagine it's two spreadsheets not the product one the one that had the tables and table and call make me believe that's right let's make believe for a second and you don't need a product sheet that a product sheet has other information I think is useful but let's make it really good it's too hard it's incorrect let's make it making it up you can try it again now I don't know it might be better in some ways but worse in some ways because that spreadsheet does have more information but at least you know where the data is coming from you can verify yourself right if you don't want to go through the whole product worksheet to kind of figure it out essentially yeah I mean I would like to go over it but I I have to say like I mean I I'll try but yeah my it's my recommendation gosh it's like a hot mess this because because they've called this whole thing invoices but yeah so it's a hit my recommendation carol um uh it's gonna be a lot of work so here's my recommendation it's gonna be what the thing is if something's wrong it's always work right because even that other spreadsheet I don't know maybe something wrong there actually you hit it you don't know if it's wrong right so that's why it's sort of good you gotta like do the eye check on everything make sure that doesn't look right that is right but regardless my recommendation is this carol you're saying all the right thing you have you would you have to decide like what is the right files right you have to pick and choose what the right files are and then we go through the whole process and then you have to verify that the answers you get are are right or wrong now if they're wrong uh is it wrong because of the sources or the process right now wrong right right now it's wrong because of the sources we gotta fix the sources and they're very verified okay now the sources look right but the process is wrong but we don't know that too the sources are right so um let's do this um I will go over this document because it is generally good information maybe what I'll do is cross check this with my other the other yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna try to do the same thing on my side chart to be two yeah because I know we do yeah we I have all of them yeah I know we just tried it but I'll give it a try as well okay I'll give you the output of what it finds like obviously we know and I'm gonna go through it manually yeah I know for example I know for example the table name is wrong and I do know for example that some of the column names are wrong like we know that right now the question is it'd be nice to say these are just the differences and you can look at the differences but yeah let's try to I don't know if that's gonna work um I did try let me see let me share my screen for a second okay I did try a little bit of this and I don't but I think is um I gotta redo it with other spreadsheet oops what is okay but we just used the data dictionary in this version we didn't use the other tables right what do you mean for where in the sources we don't have the I what are the names of them we don't have the two tables here no no no no no we didn't use that because just my because I think when we talked we thought the product plan was dirty I remember yeah yeah exactly oh Arthur oh my god I feel a slight setback what's that sorry I'm saying I'm feeling like this is a small setback but you know it's doable but but I think how this is not I want to call it a setback this is the normal process of creating any product actually oh so so this is like a mini product right you gotta gonna do it and check things and test it and QA etc so so so um you're not that far away Carol I I this is why I think when we talk last I'm really I'm gonna stress it again the sources have to be right because whatever whatever goes in it's gonna come out right so I think that is like the most important thing I would say I'm very confident on the process side because I've done it a few times but the sources have to be right it's gotta be right uh so anyway I'm gonna I'm not gonna show you this let me try it with the three tables again okay I'll try that again I'll send you the results I'll try it uh let me let me see that's okay let me see if I could why are you not able to show me I would like to learn I know wait I'm I want to try it again let me go let me see where is it and I'm gonna find our drive again do I have those I think I have those let me let me let me put them as just tables and columns folder yeah can you just drop in that folder because yeah yeah yeah that would be easier for us even in the future when did you share that and I'll try to do it on my end here yeah okay so I might create a new folder in this you should be like this drag and drop the whole folder over that should work oh yeah actually yes that's a good thought in this trade um centric database there you go I see it I see it I see it oops I think I need to I need to download it download and then I I'll ask you some housekeeping because I don't like this organization that those things throw me off so just some little housekeeping as far as the chat gpt spot you're you can use you can see my screen right yes um I think, as just a no-carry when you do this, you have to get as much detail as possible. Sometimes it gets right the first time, sometimes it doesn't. You say, wait a minute, what I really wanted is this. But that's okay. You have to get used to this. A lot of people are not used to this way of working with these type of applications because they expect, oh, this is the answer. They think the answer is the answer. But that's not how these systems work. It's like talking to someone. Actually, I'm going to name a Michael, what I really wanted is this. Can you go back and do it again? It's like working with an intern. That's not what I was looking for. On my regular chat GPT thing, I do on my own. I ask random things. I follow up. Different stuff. Even when I'm looking for a syntax or something, and then if I don't understand the syntax, I ask follow up questions. I do that. But I think this one, the custom one, I'm learning as we go. No, it's fine. It's the difference. Yes, you are in a good way. You are learning. This is the way of working with chat. This is all new for a lot of people. 90% of the people who haven't touched it, most people haven't touched it yet. It's not surprising to me. I'm just looking through the code here. It's looking like the right thing. We'll see. Wow. It's also a little scary. Why? In general, the whole AI thing is kind of scary. It's not really scary. Maybe scary is the wrong word. It's just weird how all of a sudden, you can just have conversations with this thing. You can like... It's dangerous. It's like unbelievable. You know what's interesting about this, Carol? When chat GPT came out with 5.5, 4.0 was the last big model. When they redefined it, a lot of people were upset because... All these models have a personality. Just a way to answer questions. It's called a personality. It changed a lot from 4.0 to 5. To me, in a good way. I'm using it for work and coding. I just want answers. People are having conversations with her. They were very upset about changing the personality. It was a big backlash. That's why they put it back. They put 4.0 back for now. People still use it because they wanted that personality. The answers, which are more wrong, there's more chance of more probability of being wrong. They like the conversation that they were having with 4.0. It's not surprising to me. The thing that's my thing is, what surprises me the most is that... It's kind of philosophical, Carol. You can stop me anytime. It's the fact that there is the way we think, how people think. AI is not replicating it, but a certain part of how we put things together, AI has replicated. It's very similar. We do this, but we do it in a much faster, much more compressed way than AI can do it. They figured out how to mimic how we remember and repeat back what we remember. That's the amazing or scary thing about it. The question is, is it going to be really the scary thing, think by itself? I don't know. You know, so... My previous company where I worked, it was actually AI, but some people in the industry knew that it is AI, and it's the predictive behavior one. The company I worked for, we basically looked at people's behaviors of shopping online, and then you predict and then you recommend things. If you go to the store, you're buying a shirt or whatever. We think for you, maybe you need these pants to go with this shirt that you're buying, that actually match. If you get tempted to buy pants that you are not even trying to buy. We did this online for companies, which is why I am so excited about this whole project. This is why you see me excited, and I realized that I was doing AI stuff without predictive behaviors. The whole model was AI-driven. What you were working on is an important foundational... You think about building blocks. When you're working on predictive ML, that part is a building block for LLMs. If you want to really dig into it, you should ask chat to critique what is a transformer relative to an LLM. You take all the things you did historically. Back in 2015 and 2016, you could read about this. Everyone thought this is as far as you can go from the show. Then suddenly, Google invented this thing called Transformer, which is this whole mathematical way of looking at data, condensing it, and pattern matching it. Because of the transformer technology, you have this. It's pretty amazing, of course. I think it can't be scary. If you look at it, one way to be scared is saying, wait a minute, actually how we think is really mathematical. Actually, it is math. Or you can say... Here we go. You can't... Okay, the Excel file. There's some issues with Excel file. I think... I'm going to have to play with that a little more. See how I said, there's not Harry clean table names. I don't know why he's saying that. Let me just see what this is right here. Let me just open this. You won't see it, but let me just open it on my side. Let me see what it looks like. Wait a minute. Is this useful? Maybe. Give me a second. I'm just going to look at this really quick. Table name, 6-2. Oh, yeah, it didn't do it for the... Oh, it maybe did. Oh. I wish I did. So... The two spreadsheets that we came from your documents, there's more table names than the... It looks like there's more table names than the one that Finance had. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. It could be because I feel like... So product probably... Again, I don't know how old that product document was, but it could have been before maybe some other tables were added or whatever. Yeah. But yes, that would make sense. Yeah, because of it... Let me share my screen here. I'll send you this. I think this is kind of useful. I'm still trying to understand it. Okay. Yeah, just share. I'm going to share. It's this file. Oh, it's this file as well. It's tiny. I'll make it bigger. I'm not sure if you're hearing this. So... Do you see this? Yes. So this is... There's the three files. There's the fix underscore two CSV. There's the description underscore fix CSV. And then there's the trace centric. Data dictionary. Yeah. So notice that... The archive batch content is not in the data dictionary, I think. Let me double check. Which makes sense because the archive batch content is not even a table we use. But then how did we... I guess from your spreadsheets, your doc, it must have came out, right? So... Yeah, because I got it from the actual database, but there are some tables here we don't use, which is fine. It is a lot, actually, because you see the zeros are the overlap, I think. So what does... I was going to ask what is the meaning of the zeros and what... Zero. I think zero is a potential overlap. Like there's a similar one. It found it in... See this file here, organization ID. Organization ID. I don't... Oh wait, wait, let me see. I don't have... So... I have to find the other spreadsheet. I put this... I downloaded this. Which spreadsheet? No, the one I just got, actually. What did I... The tables and columns, what? Yeah, here. Yeah, I got it. I got it. I'm going to pull it up. I'm going to put up the table fixed. So let me just double check something here. So organization ID. Okay. Yeah. So organizations.id. That's even the organization... That's in v2. And it's also in the data dictionary. I'm looking at the data dictionary. Yeah, I'm looking at organization ID. All right, so I got to... Let me play. It's not 100% right. I don't like the way this looks, actually. Let me play with it. Because it's kind of hard to understand. To tell, yeah. Maybe we could tell it... Yeah, I got to... Like I said, this is the first time. See, this is the name plus the column. I just want the... So this is the same. How about we could... We could... All organizations. Organizations. Could you tell it to like... Okay, here's another idea. Yeah. Let me try to compare just the column, dbtable column from the product document. So like we specify specific columns. Just check this column from this document, this column from this other document, and this column from this other document. Yeah, I think... Let me try this. Give me a second. I'm not sharing my screen here. And then I got to go a second. But I will... I'll send you the results. I want to work out a little bit right now. Yeah, that's fine. So I had a follow-up question on when... Because I promise, Thomas, that I'm going to try to get this finished by two weeks. Only because... I mean, by next week, only because, number one, I'm going on vacation at the end of the month. Right. And then, two, I needed to present these to at least... To some few people to test it. Sure. So can we meet more times next week? Yeah, here's... Let me suggest a plan here. Okay. I'm going to try to ask the LGBT to find differences. But it's going to give me some answers. But the answer to your question is how confident you are on the source documents you're feeding it. Right? Yeah. So that's something I can help. But I can only help by kind of like looking at diffs. Yeah. I'm going to look at it manually. So if you can do that, then you just got to repeat... I don't mind going through, like, letting another hour with you, going through the process again to make sure you follow... You know, follow the right steps. Yeah. And then you can create it again and then do some tech questions, right? Okay. So I think if you get the sources right, the end answer should be as good as what you put in. Yeah. I'll look at it manually. I'll compare the three tables. Manually look at... Highlight like the differences. I'll figure out a system of how I can do the comparisons of this thing. And then I think if we meet next, you know, we can meet next week. I'm going to send you my calendar, but schedule it... Schedule it when you're ready with your sources. Yeah, I know. That's the... I have to stress that because... Boom! Yeah. That's the heavy dependency making this work. Yes. Yes. Yes. Definitely. Yeah. I think that's something interesting. I'll send it to you on Slack to help you. Yeah. Yeah, I don't... I'll have to think... I'll maybe see what this result is and then I'm going to maybe reformat it. Yeah. If there is a way, maybe also if you are checking, in case you need to check a different way. I think just looking at the specific table and the related table, I think those two... Those are the two important things. The DB... In that product document... Yeah. Because all these... There's different table names and different column names. That's the issue. Yes. The source column name, the DB table name, and the related table names. I think those are the important ones... Yeah. ...to look at. Yeah. I think... Yeah, let's see what this generates. But it could be if it's really messy, then maybe we don't use the product one. And then we should yell at product. Hey, why is this wrong? Make it right. How do we get this right? Just to give you... Just to tell you something. When they gave it to me, they're like, I don't know this document when it was created. It may not be... They already threw in some slight disclaimer. I can't go back to them because they did throw in a slight disclaimer. I think it was created by someone maybe who... They were trying to do the right thing. Not that it's wrong, but who knows. Okay. So that... I think that's... And they might... Karo, we... Anyway, you should check the data, but... I don't want to give you the impression that the data is wrong. It's not... But the thing is, if it is... If things change, right? If it is... No one's been checking it, then you could decide not to use it at all. Just use... You got to check it anyway, but use the other spreadsheets. The reason why I thought that spreadsheet was good, they had the descriptions. In that... And it had some linkages. Yes. It was perfect. Well, if it was right. If it was right, that's my thing. And none of us knew that there was anything wrong with it until yesterday. Well, this is part of the process, like I said. Yes. All right. Have a great vacation. I'll see you in my calendar, but again, book it when you're... And I'll see what I can do here. Then book it when you feel like you want to go through the whole process again. Okay? Well, okay. Next week probably. Yeah, definitely next week. Yeah. I'm all right. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Have a good one, Carol. Bye. Bye.
